Link to @opennextjs/cloudflare from readme (#959)
cloudflare/next-on-pages: README.md

  <p align="center">Build, develop, and deploy Next.js apps for Cloudflare Pages.</p>
</p>

> [!NOTE]  

> > The best way to run Next.js apps on Cloudflare is to use [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare). If you're coming from Vercel, you can migrate your Next.js app easily using [Diverce](https://github.com/ygwyg/diverce), which can also help you migrate from `cloudflare/next-on-pages`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The best way to run Next.js apps on Cloudflare is to use [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare). If you're coming from Vercel, you can migrate your Next.js app using a community tool, [Diverce](https://github.com/ygwyg/diverce), which can also help you migrate from `cloudflare/next-on-pages`
```

Reviewer 2: the last `cloudflare/next-on-pages` should have an `@` symbol as well :)

Author: ```suggestion
> The best way to run Next.js apps on Cloudflare is to use [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare). If you're coming from Vercel, you can migrate your Next.js app easily using [Diverce](https://github.com/ygwyg/diverce), which can also help you migrate from `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`
```
